.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH pif-search 1  "pif-search " 
.SH NAME
pif\-search \- Search extensions by name and description
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpif\-search\fR [\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-author\fR] [\fB\-k\fR|\fB\-\-keyword\fR] [\fB\-t\fR|\fB\-\-tag\fR] [\fB\-o\fR|\fB\-\-ordering\-direction\fR] [\fB\-p\fR|\fB\-\-sort\-property\fR] [\fB\-\-presentation\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] <\fIQUERY\fR> 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Search extensions by name and description
.PP
Performs a case\-insensitive substring match of QUERY against the extension name and description fields. Combine with \-\-author, \-\-keyword, or \-\-tag to narrow results further.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-author\fR \fI<AUTHOR>\fR
Filter by author (fuzzy search)

Case\-insensitive substring match against the author field.
.TP
\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-keyword\fR \fI<KEYWORD>\fR
Filter by keyword (fuzzy search)

Case\-insensitive substring match against the description and keyword fields.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-tag\fR \fI<TAG>\fR
Filter by tag (exact match)

Only extensions carrying this exact tag are included. Use `pif tags` to see all available tag names.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-ordering\-direction\fR \fI<ORDERING_DIRECTION>\fR [default: descending]
Result ordering direction (ascending or descending)
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
ascending
.IP \(bu 2
descending
.RE
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-property\fR \fI<SORT_PROPERTY>\fR [default: name]
Property to sort results by
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
name
.IP \(bu 2
author
.IP \(bu 2
date
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-presentation\fR \fI<PRESENTATION>\fR [default: newline]
Output format for the extension list

newline — one extension per line (default, human\-readable) comma   — comma\-separated list (useful for scripting)
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
newline
.IP \(bu 2
comma
.RE
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
<\fIQUERY\fR>
Text to search for in extension names and descriptions

The search is case\-insensitive and matches any substring. Combine with \-\-author, \-\-keyword, or \-\-tag for more targeted results, or use `pif list` when you want to browse without a search term.
