.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH pif-info 1  "pif-info " 
.SH NAME
pif\-info \- Show information about an extension
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpif\-info\fR [\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-author\fR] [\fB\-k\fR|\fB\-\-keyword\fR] [\fB\-t\fR|\fB\-\-tag\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fINAME\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Show information about an extension
.PP
Displays the full metadata record for one or more extensions: name, description, author, supported IF system, available versions, homepage, and associated tags.
.PP
When called without a name the filter flags (\-\-author, \-\-keyword, \-\-tag) narrow the set of all known extensions. Combine filters freely; results must satisfy every filter given.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-author\fR \fI<AUTHOR>\fR
Filter by author (fuzzy search)

Case\-insensitive substring match against the author field. Can be combined with \-\-keyword and \-\-tag.
.TP
\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-keyword\fR \fI<KEYWORD>\fR
Filter by keyword (fuzzy search)

Case\-insensitive substring match against the extension description and keyword fields.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-tag\fR \fI<TAG>\fR
Filter by tag (exact match)

Only extensions that carry this exact tag are shown. Use `pif tags` to see all available tag names.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
[\fINAME\fR]
Extension names to look up (omit to match all extensions)

When no names are given, the filter flags (\-\-author, \-\-keyword, \-\-tag) determine which extensions are shown. Leaving both names and filters empty prints info for every extension in the registry.
